docs(protocol): document asset two-word encoding (#2867)
0xMiden/protocol: docs/src/asset.md

    <img src={require('./img/asset/asset-storage.png').default} style={{width: '70%'}} alt="Asset storage"/>
</p>

### Encoding

> Every asset in an account vault is stored as a key/value pair of two `Word`s (eight field elements). The same encoding is used by both the kernel and the standard library, and is the canonical layout when assets cross the MASM/Rust boundary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every asset in an account vault is stored as a key/value pair of two `Word`s (eight field elements).
```

The last sentence doesn't really make sense to me.

```
ASSET_KEY   = [asset_id_suffix, asset_id_prefix, faucet_id_suffix_with_metadata, faucet_id_prefix]
ASSET_VALUE = [amount, 0, 0, 0]   # fungible
ASSET_VALUE = DATA_HASH           # non-fungible
```

> The `asset_id_*` limbs distinguish different assets issued by the same faucet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `asset_id_*` limbs determine whether two assets issued by the same faucet are fungible (can be merged or splitted) - if the asset ID is the same, they are, if it's different, they are not.
```

> - For fungible assets they are always `0`. A faucet only ever issues one asset, so the faucet ID alone identifies it.
> - For non-fungible assets they are `DATA_HASH[0]` and `DATA_HASH[1]` — the first two field elements of the hash of the asset data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For fungible assets they are always `0`, because as the name implies, two fungible assets issued by the same faucet are always fungible with each other.
- For non-fungible assets they are `DATA_HASH[0]` and `DATA_HASH[1]` — the first two field elements of the hash of the asset data. This way, the asset IDs of two assets issued by the same faucet have a very low chance of colliding and so the tx kernel never attempts to merge or split those.
```

> The third element of the key, `faucet_id_suffix_with_metadata`, packs the faucet's account-ID suffix together with a small metadata byte. The lower 8 bits of every account-ID suffix are reserved zero by construction (`validate_suffix` in `account/account_id/v0/mod.rs`), and `AssetVaultKey::to_word()` (`asset/vault/vault_key.rs`) bit-OR's the metadata byte into those reserved bits. There is no left-shift; the suffix is already aligned.
> 
> Today only the lowest of those 8 bits is used, holding the per-asset callback flag from `AssetCallbackFlag` (`asset/asset_callbacks_flag.rs`):
> 
> - `Disabled = 0` — the kernel skips faucet callbacks for this asset.
> - `Enabled  = 1` — the kernel checks for and invokes the faucet's callback procedures (see [Callbacks](#callbacks) below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third element of the key, `faucet_id_suffix_with_metadata`, packs the faucet's account ID suffix together with a metadata byte. The lower 8 bits of every account-ID suffix are reserved zero by construction, leaving room for this asset metadata.

The asset metadata holds the per-asset callback flag:

- `Disabled = 0`: the kernel skips faucet callbacks for this asset.
- `Enabled  = 1`: the kernel checks for and invokes the faucet's callback procedures (see [Callbacks](#callbacks) below).
```

Too many low-level details, imo, and procedure names and file paths go stale fast, so I wouldn't include them.

The remaining 7 bits are reserved for future asset-level metadata.

> #### Worked example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example
```

Not sure what "worked" means.

> A fungible asset with `amount = 10000`, callbacks enabled, issued by a faucet whose ID has `suffix = 447750849984126720` and `prefix = 12959558562786060576` lays out in vault memory as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fungible asset with `amount = 10000`, callbacks enabled, issued by a faucet whose ID has `suffix = 447750849984126720` and `prefix = 12959558562786060576` is laid out as:
```

I wouldn't scope to just the asset vault, because assets also appear in other places (e.g. note assets - which we don't call a vault).

```text
[ 0,                       ← asset_id_suffix (zero for fungible)
  0,                       ← asset_id_prefix (zero for fungible)
  447750849984126721,      ← faucet_id_suffix | callbacks_enabled (suffix ends in 0x00, OR'd with 0x01)
  12959558562786060576,    ← faucet_id_prefix
  10000,                   ← amount
  0, 0, 0 ]                ← ASSET_VALUE padding
```

> For a non-fungible asset the last four elements are replaced with `DATA_HASH` and the first two elements of the key are filled from `DATA_HASH[0..2]`. See `FungibleAsset::to_value_word()` and `NonFungibleAsset::to_value_word()` in `asset/fungible.rs` and `asset/nonfungible.rs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a non-fungible asset the last four elements are replaced with `DATA_HASH` and the first two elements of the key are filled from `DATA_HASH[0..2]`.
```

In principle the references are nice, but we usually don't include such references. If you'd like to include them, I'd recommend linking to docs.rs (with version set to `latest`), which would automatically provide the latest published view of the source.
